// PJ64 Official Cheats Database (Project64.cht)
//    PAL  Cheats by The Gentleman



A Question of Region: 
 
Firstly i would like to make sure that all users of both (U) & (E) Cheat Codes understand one thing perfectly clear.
I have had quite a few e-mails regarding a (E) Region Game Crashing when adding codes from a "Game Shark" Site.
This should never be done, it will cause the game & PJ64 to freeze or Crash,
because (E) Region Games do not use the same Code Format As (U) Games do.
I only say this, so if anyone is trying to add codes through the GUI to understand that,
(U) = "Game Shark" & (E) = "Pro/Action Replay" Cheat Codes.
I haven't had much time to catch up to the support you have had for the (U) Region,
i am trying my up most to accommodate you with as many Converted NTSC Codes - Pal as i can,
the likes of what you have been used to thanks to the Fantastic work from Eagle.
I hope you enjoy using both the (U) & (E) Region Codes & have an even better time, playing your games on PJ64.


Notes:

Just some points in regards to helping you get the most out of some of the codes you might be using.

Aerogauge:
There are Codes For "No Damage"  "Extra Vehicles & Tracks", & Laps To Race:
Extra Vehicles Options, As you go through go slow & Pick The N64 Controller, it is a must, Enjoy. (:

Army Men - Sarge's Heroes:
Once you have put on "Have All Guns" & "Have Max Ammo"
You have just got to try the "Play A Weapon", I think you will like It.

Diddy Kong Racing:
In Diddy Kong Racing: Do not use more than 1 Power up at a time or it will cause a crash.
You must not put Any Have all Funtions code on unil you are inside the lobby to choose a gate,or it will crash the game.

Excite Bike 64:
In Excite Bike 64: Press L+R Buttons at track selection to Access these extra Track functions.

Extreme-G:
In Extreme-G: You have a Choice of Two extra Bikes, by choosing one of these,
will disable all other choices until the code is switch off.

Star Wars EP1 Racer:
Enable In-Game cheat & Enable all In-Game cheats.
In the event of the front screen still blocking the Text with a black out.
When you 1st start on the main screen it will already be on Tournament.
If you press the Digital or Analogue stick down once, you will be on Free play.
If you press twice down on the Digital or Analogue stick you will be on Time Attack.
Once you have chosen a Track Option at the front screen, Just Press C-Button Right.
This will open up All Tracks & Characters In Free Play & Time Attack.
Also In A Race (Including Tournament) Press The Start/Pause button to Access the In-Cheat-Menu Option.

Super Mario 64:
I have Managed to put a Have 175 Stars Option in for you, once the Code is activated,
you will see it as a new option in Save Slot B.



Thanks:

To begin With, I would like to thank Zilmar, Jabo, & Eagle Very Much for giving me the chance, to add this
(E) Region Pro-Action Replay Section, to the existing Game Shark (Project64.cht)
I would like to thank Bodie for the Technical help & Advice He has given me.
Equalaly I would like to thank Smiff for His Swift (no pun intended) action on supplying such a Fantastic rdb file,
when he knew just how much i really needed that support from him & he came through with it with flying colours.
Thank you Very Much Smiff, as always, You have my Full Thanks & Respect.
I would Also like to Thank Kai666 "one of the greatest "AR" Code Busters for the N64 PAL Console Gaming World"
For getting me so Interested in Code Creation & also for letting me Modify Some of His Great Creations For this Project (Thank You Kai)
Last but no by no means least, I would like to Thank Jabo and Zilmar, for the production of this great emulator.

